Forex robots.
So in meditative for folks Robers are also called expert advisors and the whole topic that we're talking
about in this Tauriel is called algorithmic trading.
So what is it what is algorithmic trading and what are these four attributes.
So far it's rubout can be envisaged as an actual robot but in reality it's a program.
It's like a computer program which can work through a trader for some programs work for five minutes
or four.
And the concept behind it is that if you want this program on for a short it's supposed to bring your
profits automatically.
So you basically just set some inputs for the program and you let it run and they just earn the money
in the background.
So let's talk about this for a second.
A lot of traders think this is a hoax this is not possible this is you know the dream of any investor
that you just know nothing and the money is earned in the background.
And to some extent it is true it's not it's not entirely possible to just have money coming into your
trading account all the time with with no effort at all.
And there are a lot of scams out there on the market just in the Internet that will tell you by this
forex robot and it'll earn you money and you'll be rich and you'll never have to worry about trading
again.
So 90 percent or 95 percent of the stuff you see on the Internet are scams that just trying to get your
money as quickly as possible before their system starts to fail.
But the truth is that algorithmic trading is actually possible and it does work and I'm a live example
of that.
I'm a live example of the success that I've had in algorithmic trading.
Most of my trading like people sometimes ask me like what strategies do you use and like how often do
you trade and things like that.
But most of my trade trading strategies are actually all have all been converted into Forex robots and
I have made tens of thousands of dollars just using Forex robots.
And actually I try to stay away from manual trading because of the convenience that trading for X robots
brings which we'll talk about in a minute.
But just I just wanted to emphasize that the training of robots is possible.
It does bring you money and it has massive advantages when you're actually into it when you know what
you're doing it's not effortless.
It's not just switch it on and go away.
It does require maintenance it requires certain inputs from the trainer or certain decisions which robots
to put on which ones to take off.
And real optimization and things like that.
But the bottom line is it's possible and it's highly at the stages.
So some of the advantages that algorithmic trading brings to you as opposed to our when compared to
manual trading.
Well first one of course is you get the freedom of time like Forex the Forex market does give you financial
freedom in terms of if you master it you won't have to go to work anymore and you can trade from anyplace
on the planet but it doesn't give you freedom of time.
You still have to follow your trading strategy you still have to watch the charts you still even at
least a couple of hours a day you will have to sit in front of your computer and make decisions whereas
when you turn your trade strategy into a forex robot you can set it on your chart and just let it run
in the background while you sleep while you have fun with friends and family and you just have to check
up on it once a week or you know several times a week.
But generally it frees up the constraints that you may experience when your trainee strategy requires
you to be in front of the computer and that's for me that's a massive advantage.
And like I even took it to the next level through setting up a virtual private server where my folks
are able to run so I don't even have to use my home computer.
So it's just sitting somewhere and it's a free country and the Forest Service was running and I can
just check on it once every couple of weeks even and see that everything is going all right.
The second massive advantage of algorithmic trading which can sum some for some people be even more
poor than the first one is second the psychological side of things that when you're trading with your
own like hands and when you brush your own mindset you have to make certain decisions and you have to
watch the market and like see your profits and losses and that can be very good.
I can have a massive toll on your emotional state and it can devastate you when you see a loss or it
can even being happy about a profit.
So that's that's a good thing.
Maybe you might think it is but in reality it's not you should for it's should be cold blooded and like
ideally it should and shouldn't be happy about profits because if you're happy about profits you're
going to be devastated when you see losses.
Everything should be calculated and you'll see that in our section of live real trading that our risks
will be very diligently calculated and we will know exactly how much we are risking to lose and things
like that so that when the time comes to open a trade you're not emotionally involved and that's very
important.
With forex trading.
So what's for robots allow you to do is they take out the emotional side of things completely.
Because it's a robot training for you and because you don't even look at the market or you're relying
on is that your training strategy is correct you've come up for good training strategy and it's just
going to bring your money in in the long run.
So even if you have five profits and one loss then you have you're generally making more money than
you losing then you'll be you know you'll have profits so you don't have to worry about the losses and
be happy about the profitable trades individually.
You just look at the big picture when you have 4 x robot.
So those are the two main game changing advances that forex robots bring.
It's not to say that manual trading is not a great option is not is not something that you want to pursue
.
Definitely you have to start with manual training.
And some people just stay mandatories because they get passionate about it and they love what they're
doing and they genuinely enjoy trolling the charts.
However just keep in mind that there is this option of trading before x robots and maybe you want.
You might want to check it out at some point through your Forex trading journey.
So and if you do want to check it out please have a look at my course it's the blue one it's the sun
on the left and it's called for X robots make hundred seventy five percent per annum for X robot included
.
So in that course I go through the steps of using a full Soward which I actually give to free of charge
and I show you how to optimize it how to set the right parameters and how to get it working in those
market conditions in which you will be at time of watching this video.
So that's also to take into account that the markets change all the time and when you're watching the
video you might be in different market conditions.
And I'll show you how to adjust this Forex robot to your market conditions so that it will bring profits
even in a different situation.
So that course is available you can sign up for it.
And moreover there is an exclusive offer just for students of this current for trading course so if
you go to the last lecture of the of our course that we're in right now you'll see a special exclusive
offer with a coupon for this for a shoebox course if you do want to check it out.
Thanks for the attention.
I look forward to seeing you next time.
And until then happy trading.